---
layout: category
category: research opinions
---

I just came of from a meeting with my bachelor research advisor, and it was one of the most insightfull meetings I had because it made every suddenly click in my head.

# Research questions
Doing research is a long and gruelling process. It has hard work and typically you are trying to answer a question which nobody answered before, and sometimes even __asked__ before. 
Because this it is key that you have a firm direction such that you don't spend months or even years working towards something which is the wrong direction. Proving that something doesn't work is fine, but what isn't is  walking into nothingness.
To prevent yourself walking into the nothingness, you will set a route for yourself. This route will lead you along someway and you should be confident that if you followed this route, you come at a place you want. Or rather know that you reached _a_ result, be it positive or negative.

The "what" do you want your route to lead to is your research question. This can be something along the lines of "Can we do use X to this special thing with Y?".
What is easy is think of a question, even a very concrete question, which you have no way answering. I could ask "is P = NP", it would be concrete, short and concice, but people have been tackling this problem to no avail for over 50 years. This is like saying "I want to go to the other side of the universe!".

This is not even akin to "I want to Mars", you could give me ten years and I still would have 0 clue how to do this.
Hence we can see we need to constrain our destination to something where we would go to


Binary trees => large problem with sub nodes
Each node is research question and method. 
The progress of a field is a large tree/network of these.
Label each of those nodes with as a word, and see if you can make sentences. 
This allows you for one word (research result), and prefix it with "in, out-, next to-, under-, ect" to modify to meaning
you should be able to solve arbitrary problems by creating sentences.
